Remove customised examples. (#14)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-spm: src/pynxtools_spm/nomad/examples/afm/AFMExampleWithCustomization/README.md

# STM Reader

> This is an example of AFM (AFM reader) in NOMAD. The prime purpose of the reader is to transform data from measurement files into community-defined concepts constructed by the SPM community which allows experimentalists to store, organize, search, analyze, and share experimental data (only within the [NOMAD](https://nomad-lab.eu/nomad-lab/) platform) among the scientific communities. The reader builds on the [NXafm](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/NXafm.html#nxafm) application definition and needs an experimental file, a config file (a typical mapping strutcture between the application concepts and raw data structure and the config file could be optional for specific vendor files and software version) and a eln file to transform the experimental data into the [NXafm](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/NXafm.html#nxafm) application concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of handling AFM data (using the AFM reader) in NOMAD. The prime purpose of the reader is to transform data from measurement files into community-defined concepts constructed by the SPM community which allows experimentalists to store, organize, search, analyze, and share experimental data (only within the [NOMAD](https://nomad-lab.eu/nomad-lab/) platform) among the scientific communities. The reader builds on the [NXafm](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/NXafm.html#nxafm) application definition. For conversion, the reader needs an experimental file, a config file (a mapping between the raw data and the concepts in the application definitions; the config file could be optional for specific vendor files and software version) and a eln file to transform the experimental data into the [NXafm](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/NXafm.html#nxafm) application concepts.
```
This seemed a bit cluncky. Same for the other readmes.
